few description change (#1)
DSC-Bennett-University/Code-Heist: README.md

[CodeHeist](https://dsc-bennett-university.github.io/Code%20Heist/Heist.html) was a six week coding contest organised for coders of all proficiencies, from beginners to well versed. It was powered by the HackerRank platform.

> Divided into **6** contests which spanned across **2** divisions. Division-1 for 2nd, 3rd, and 4th year college students while the Divisions-2 1st year college or school students. Respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Divided into **6** contests which spanned across **2** divisions. Division-1 for 2nd, 3rd, and 4th year college students while the Division-2 was exclusive to 1st year college and school students. Respectively.
```
